Adding basic folder structure for DFT tool (#2808)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: src/dft/README.md

# DFT: Design for Testing

> This tool is a implementation of Design For Testing for OpenROAD. Design for
> Testing is used to add new nets and combinational logic to allow IC designs to
> be tested for errors coming from physical imperfections in the tapeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is an implementation of Design For Testing. New nets and logic are added to allow IC designs to
be tested for errors in manufacturing.   Physical imperfections can cause hard failures and variability can cause timing errors.
```

A simple DFT insertion consist of the following parts:

* A scan_in pin where the test patterns are shifted in.
* A scan_out pin where the test patterns are read from.

> * Scan cells that replace your flops with registers that allow us for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scan cells that replace flops with registers that allow for testing.
```
